resources/requirements_decomposition/B100019_LB_582422_decomposition.md, before:

<b>Name</b>: Gesetzliche Unfallversicherung Übergangsgeld bei beruflicher Reha

<b>IDLB</b>: B100019_LB_582422

<b>Addressee</b>: Lebenslagen für Bürgerinnen und Bürger

<b>Legal basis</b>: § 50 Sozialgesetzbuch Siebtes Buch (SGB VII); § 52 Sozialgesetzbuch Siebtes Buch (SGB VII); § 66 Sozialgesetzbuch Neuntes Buch (SGB IX); § 49 Sozialgesetzbuch Siebtes Buch (SGB VII)

<b>Description</b>: 

Wenn Sie infolge eines Arbeits- oder Wegeunfalles oder einer anerkannten
Berufskrankheit an qualifizierten Maßnahmen zur Teilhabe am Arbeitsleben
(einer beruflichen Reha), teilnehmen und kein Arbeitsentgelt beziehen,
erhalten Sie Übergangsgeld.

<b>Requirements text</b>:

  * Bei Ihnen liegt ein Arbeits oder Wegeunfall oder eine anerkannte Berufskrankheit vor.
  * Sie nehmen an einer qualifizierten Maßnahme zur Teilhabe am Arbeitsleben teil (berufliche Reha).

<b>Requirements decomposition</b>:

1. User has had an accident at work (G) OR on the way to work (G) OR has a recognized occupational disease (Y: what constitutes a recognized occupational disease must be resolved elsewhere). 
2. User takes part in occupational rehabilitation. (Y: which measures are qualified must be resolved elsewhere)

Commit message:

Refactor requirements decomposition: Harmonize categorization across benefits.

resources/requirements_decomposition/B100019_LB_582422_decomposition.md, after:

<b>Name</b>: Gesetzliche Unfallversicherung Übergangsgeld bei beruflicher Reha

<b>IDLB</b>: B100019_LB_582422

<b>Addressee</b>: Lebenslagen für Bürgerinnen und Bürger

<b>Legal basis</b>: § 50 Sozialgesetzbuch Siebtes Buch (SGB VII); § 52 Sozialgesetzbuch Siebtes Buch (SGB VII); § 66 Sozialgesetzbuch Neuntes Buch (SGB IX); § 49 Sozialgesetzbuch Siebtes Buch (SGB VII)

<b>Description</b>: 

Wenn Sie infolge eines Arbeits- oder Wegeunfalles oder einer anerkannten
Berufskrankheit an qualifizierten Maßnahmen zur Teilhabe am Arbeitsleben
(einer beruflichen Reha), teilnehmen und kein Arbeitsentgelt beziehen,
erhalten Sie Übergangsgeld.

<b>Requirements text</b>:

  * Bei Ihnen liegt ein Arbeits oder Wegeunfall oder eine anerkannte Berufskrankheit vor.
  * Sie nehmen an einer qualifizierten Maßnahme zur Teilhabe am Arbeitsleben teil (berufliche Reha).

<b>Requirements decomposition</b>:

1. User has statutory accident insurance* (GREEN)
2. User had an insurance event (YELLOW: definition of the terms in a legal sense must be inferred or explained):
    - accident at work OR 
    - a commuting accident OR
    - a recognized occupational disease.
3. As a result of the insurance event, the user takes part in occupational rehabilitation. (YELLOW: which measures are qualified must be inferred or explained)

*Not explicitly mentioned in the requirements text, but can be inferred from the benefit's name
