resources/requirements_decomposition/B100019_LB_582404_decomposition.md, before:

<b>Name</b>: Gesetzliche Unfallversicherung Rente

<b>IDLB</b>: B100019_LB_582404

<b>Addressee</b>: Lebenslagen für Bürgerinnen und Bürger

<b>Legal basis</b>: § 56 Sozialgesetzbuch Siebtes Buch (SGB VII)

<b>Description</b>: 

Wenn Sie nach einem Arbeitsunfall oder wegen einer Berufskrankheit in Ihrer
Erwerbsfähigkeit gemindert sind, erhalten Sie von der gesetzlichen
Unfallversicherung eine Rente.

<b>Requirements text</b>:

Wenn Sie gesetzlich unfallversichert sind, haben Sie unter folgenden
Voraussetzungen Anspruch auf Rente:

  * Ihre Erwerbsfähigkeit ist gemindert: 
    * infolge eines oder mehrerer Versicherungsfälle,
    * über die 26. Woche nach dem Versicherungsfall hinaus,
    * um mindestens 20 Prozent.

<b>Requirements decomposition</b>:

1. User has statutory accident insurance. (G)
2. User experienced one or more events covered by the statutory accident insurance. (Y: which events are covered must be resolved elsewhere, simplified to "User experienced an insurance event" because we cannot sum over multiple events with SHACL Core.)
3. The insurance event reduced earning capacity for more than 26 weeks after the event. (Y: how to establish if earning capacity is reduced must be resolved elsewhere)
4. The reducation in earning capacity was at least 20%. (Y: how to establish the percentage of reduction must be resolved elsewhere)

Commit message:

Refactor requirements decomposition: Harmonize categorization across benefits.

resources/requirements_decomposition/B100019_LB_582404_decomposition.md, after:

<b>Name</b>: Gesetzliche Unfallversicherung Rente

<b>IDLB</b>: B100019_LB_582404

<b>Addressee</b>: Lebenslagen für Bürgerinnen und Bürger

<b>Legal basis</b>: § 56 Sozialgesetzbuch Siebtes Buch (SGB VII)

<b>Description</b>: 

Wenn Sie nach einem Arbeitsunfall oder wegen einer Berufskrankheit in Ihrer
Erwerbsfähigkeit gemindert sind, erhalten Sie von der gesetzlichen
Unfallversicherung eine Rente.

<b>Requirements text</b>:

Wenn Sie gesetzlich unfallversichert sind, haben Sie unter folgenden
Voraussetzungen Anspruch auf Rente:

  * Ihre Erwerbsfähigkeit ist gemindert: 
    * infolge eines oder mehrerer Versicherungsfälle,
    * über die 26. Woche nach dem Versicherungsfall hinaus,
    * um mindestens 20 Prozent.

<b>Requirements decomposition</b>:

1. User has statutory accident insurance. (GREEN)
2. User had one OR more* insurance events** (YELLOW: definition of the terms in a legal sense must be inferred or explained):
    - accident at work OR 
    - a commuting accident OR
    - a recognized occupational disease.
3. The insurance event reduces earning capacity for more than 26 weeks after the event. (GREEN)
4. The reduction in earning capacity is at least 20%. (YELLOW: reduction of earning capacity in percentage must be inferred or explained)

*RED: multiple insurance events are too complex for SHACL Core, hence simplified to one event
**The types of statutory accident insurance events are known from other requirements texts and, in principle, accessible to the LLM via the ontology
